# Plot Point O

[Plot Point O](http://jenweber.github.io/plot-point-o-front-end/) is a full stack, single page application. It features a custom admin console, rails server, generated content with Handlebars, tabbed Bootstrap navigation, and Bootstrap modals. Information about the back end can be found in [this repository](https://github.com/jenweber/plot-point-o-api), and it is [deployed on Heroku](https://plot-point-o-api.herokuapp.com/).

There are two different scenarios where I read entertainment reviews - to decide if it's worth my time, and to read the analysis of others. Plot Point O was inspired by this dichotomy. There are two different audiences here, who need two different articles for each game or movie. A well-designed site could serve both these audiences without spoiling any endings.

I first came up with this idea about a year ago, after finishing a game with a controversial ending; I wanted to find some analysis of the plot, but came up shorthanded in my search. I decided to to build a tabbed site, where you could view an article intended for new players or viewers, then switch to another tab to see the in-depth analysis. But after hours playing around with Wordpress, I gave up. Fast forward to the Web Development Immersive at General Assembly one year later. As soon as I learned how to build a join database and spotted the Nav Tabs feature in Bootstrap, with my new skills, building this site would be no problem.

# Challenges
But it really wasn't it was "no problem." It turns out that html generated by Handlebars doesn't respond to JQuery like I would expect. And for still unknown reasons, a Submit does not work if fired from within any tab but the home tab in Bootstrap, but regular buttons work just fine. Although everything worked great on my local machine, deploying was another story. At every step of the way, I was plagued by the addition or lack of the letter S. In the process of troubleshooting these issues, I feel that I learned a lot more than if the project was more straightforward.

# How It Works
For the database, a game has many blog posts. An admin also has many posts. Those posts are found in two separate tables, one for spoilers and one without spoilers. A get request to the server retrieves all the posts of each type and passes them through Handlebars, generating a table of contents, the formatted posts, and some admin edit/delete buttons. Unless the user is signed in as an admin, the buttons are hidden. The buttons all have a value corresponding to the post id. This id is used to direct the CRUD actions by the admin. The feature I'm most proud of is the custom view of the admin, which includes the generated buttons and instant render of any changes they make.

# Wireframes
[Mobile First Wireframe Draft](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BxL5EMSDOzzwMmRqb2dmZkRUM2s/view?usp=sharing)

# ERD
[Initial Database Diagram](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BxL5EMSDOzzwSVNmNk5NSXVrdEk/view?usp=sharing) and
[Updated Database Diagram](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BxL5EMSDOzzwMTZaVnhINHlNLXc/view?usp=sharing)

More on this found in the [API README]().

# Visual Mockup
[Initial design](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BxL5EMSDOzzwaDNqNXRmVUlRd2M/view?usp=sharing) and
[updated color scheme](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BxL5EMSDOzzwa0lFMkxYTWpfcmc/view?usp=sharing)

# Basic User Stories
A new user will see the default blog view of the spoiler-free zone.

A user may click on the Analysis tab to reveal the in-depth reviews that contain spoilers.

A user may click on the navbar to access log in options.

An admin may log in and create/edit/delete content

After a post is edited or deleted, the admin sees the changes

A user does not see the admin edit/delete functions
